Add calendar file (#107)
deephaven/examples: Calendar/README.md

# Calendar

This folder contains a calendar file in XML format.

## Table of contents

`CompanyY_2024.calendar`: A calendar file for a hypothetical company, `Company Y`, in XML format.

## Calendar file

A calendar file can be used by Deephaven's calendar API to add a custom calendar to the list of available calendars. This calendar file is used in Deephaven's documentation to show how this can be done.

## Use a custom calendar

> Here's a TL;DR of the documentation for using a custom calendar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of the documentation for using a custom calendar:
```
